Having multiple versions of the same file at different levels of creation helped by allowing me
to see the differences between them at a given point in time.
This allowed me to spot the differences and fix any bugs that happened to be present in the code.
Having access to the entire history of a file is very useful if for examply you are coding a brand new feature
and find the code generating errors that are unable to be solved and make the whole software break
by checking through the older versions of the code you are able to compare the differences and find any mistakes that you may have made.
The advantage of choosing when to commit manually is that you have total control over the contents of the commit.
This prevents you from having unfinished or broken code committed as a supposedly working version of the code.
The downside is that you are totally responsible for the upkeep of the commits so if you forget to commit the changes and suffer a computer crash.
Then all your work will be lost with no easy way of recovering it.
The types of files you would be saving from a system like google docs differ greatly from that of git.
Most of the time in GD you would be working with a single file where as  in Git you could be working with many files that all relate to eachother
at the same time.
The git log command will show a list of the commits that have been made to repository in question.
In order to see the differences between the versions of the files you will need to copy the commit id from the commit in question
and the one from the most recent version and use the git diff command in order to see the differences.
Version control makes you more confident to make changes that could potentially break a part of the code
because you will be safe in the knowledge that no matter what changes you make you can always revert back to an older version of the code that you know will work.
I want to use git to keep track of the changes i've made to my app and to allow me to branch off into different version of it in order to try ideas.